README.md, before:

# stix4doge

## Overview

This repository is uses to generate STIX objects used by DOGESEC products.

## Using our custom objects in your project

```shell
pip install https://github.com/muchdogesec/stix4doge/archive/main.zip
```

## Code generator

The python scripts found in `generators/` is what are used to generate the STIX objects in this repository.

If you just want to grab a copy of the unmodified STIX objects, this is not required.

If you do want to modify them, install it as follows;

```shell
# clone the latest code
git clone https://github.com/muchdogesec/stix4doge
# create a venv
cd stix4doge
python3 -m venv stix4doge-venv
source stix4doge-venv/bin/activate
# install requirements
pip3 install .
```

Make your modifications.

And then run each of the scripts as required.

```shell
rm -rf objects && \
python3 generators/identity.py && \
python3 generators/marking-definition.py && \
python3 generators/extension-definition.py && \
python3 generators/custom-objects/weakness.py && \
python3 generators/custom-objects/bank-account.py && \
python3 generators/custom-objects/bank-card.py && \
python3 generators/custom-objects/cryptocurrency-transaction.py && \
python3 generators/custom-objects/cryptocurrency-wallet.py && \
python3 generators/custom-objects/phone-number.py && \
python3 generators/custom-objects/user-agent.py
```

Note, this repository also contains two scripts under `stix4doge/tools`; 1) `creditcard2stix.py`, and 2) `crypto2stix.py`. These are utilities we use in our products.

You should use the core repositories for this data [creditcard2stix](https://github.com/muchdogesec/creditcard2stix) and [crypto2stix](https://github.com/muchdogesec/crypto2stix) respectively.

## Note about UUIDs

Note, all of the SDO and SMO `id`s in this repo are generated by the namespace `1abb62b9-e513-5f55-8e73-8f6d7b55c237`. This is a randomly generated UUIDv4. It is used to ensure the objects generated by the code in this repo have persistent UUIDs on each update.

For all SCO object generation we use the OASIS namespace `00abedb4-aa42-466c-9c01-fed23315a9b7`.

## Support

[Minimal support provided via the DOGESEC community](https://community.dogesec.com).

## License

[Apache 2.0](/LICENSE).

## Useful supporting tools

* Existing STIX 2.1 schemas: [cti-stix2-json-schemas](https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-stix2-json-schemas): OASIS TC Open Repository: Non-normative schemas and examples for STIX 2
* To generate STIX 2.1 extensions: [stix2 Python Lib](https://stix2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
* STIX 2.1 specifications for objects: [STIX 2.1 docs](https://docs.oasis-open.org/cti/stix/v2.1/stix-v2.1.html)

Commit message:

removing objects now found in stix2extensions

README.md, after:

# stix4doge

## Overview

This repository is uses to generate STIX objects used by DOGESEC products.

## Code generator

The python scripts found in `generators/` is what are used to generate the STIX objects in this repository.

If you just want to grab a copy of the STIX objects already in this repo, these steps are not required.

If you do want to add new objects or modify existing ones, install the code as follows;

```shell
# clone the latest code
git clone https://github.com/muchdogesec/stix4doge
# create a venv
cd stix4doge
python3 -m venv stix4doge-venv
source stix4doge-venv/bin/activate
pip3 install requirements.txt
```

Make your modifications.

And then run each of the scripts as required.

```shell
rm -rf objects && \
python3 generators/identity.py && \
python3 generators/marking-definition.py
```

## Note about UUIDs

Note, all of the SDO and SMO `id`s in this repo are generated by the namespace `1abb62b9-e513-5f55-8e73-8f6d7b55c237`. This is a randomly generated UUIDv4. It is used to ensure the objects generated by the code in this repo have persistent UUIDs on each update.

## Support

[Minimal support provided via the DOGESEC community](https://community.dogesec.com).

## License

[Apache 2.0](/LICENSE).

## Useful supporting tools

* Existing STIX 2.1 schemas: [cti-stix2-json-schemas](https://github.com/oasis-open/cti-stix2-json-schemas): OASIS TC Open Repository: Non-normative schemas and examples for STIX 2
* To generate STIX 2.1 extensions: [stix2 Python Lib](https://stix2.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
* STIX 2.1 specifications for objects: [STIX 2.1 docs](https://docs.oasis-open.org/cti/stix/v2.1/stix-v2.1.html)
